1. The code at line 12 will print the value of ```i``` successfully. As a result, ```3``` will be printed by line 12. This happens because the varibale ```i``` is declared with ```var``` keyword, which known as function scope. This means that regardless of the block it is defined in, it can be accessed anywhere inside the function it is defined in. Hence, the loop increment the value of ```i``` until it reaches the length of the ```prices``` array, which is ```3```, so that's the value being printed.
2. The code at line 13 will successfully print the value of ```discountedPrices``` variable successfully. As a result, ```150``` will be printed by line 13. This happens because the ```discountedPrices```varibale is declared with ```var``` keyword, which is accessible throughout the entire function. Hence, ```discountedPrices``` variable will keep the last assigned value from the last iteration of the for-loop, which calculates the discounted price of ```300``` with a  ```0.5``` discount, resulting in ```150```. 
3. The code at line 14 will successfully print the value of ```finalPrice``` variable successfully. As a result, it will print ```150``` at line 13. This happens because the ```finalPrice``` variable is declared with ```var``` keyword, which is accessible throughout the entire function. Therefore, the value of ```finalPrice``` gets updated everytime the loop iterate, in order to round the ```discountedPrice``` value for each ```prices``` in the array. Therefore, the value 150 is getting from the round of ```discountedPrice``` value at the last for-loop iteration, which is 150.
4. The ```discountPrices``` function will return the ```discounted``` array with value [50, 100, 150] successfully. This happens because it calculates ```50%``` of each original price in the input array [100,200,300], rounds each discounted prices to the nearest cent, and then adds these discounted prices to the output array. Therefore, the final discounted prices are stored in the array called ```discounted``` with value [50,100,150].
5. The code causes an error in line 12 and says **ReferenceError: i is not defined**. This happens because the variable ```i``` is declared with keyword ```let``` within the for-loop in the block scope, which means ```i``` is only accessible within the for-loop. Therefore, An attempt to access the ```i``` variable in the ```console.log(i);``` statement outside the block scope will cause an error.
6. The code causes an error in line 13 and says **ReferenceError: discountedPrice is not defined**. This happens because the variable ```discountedPrice``` is declared with keyword ```let``` within the for-loop in the block scope, which means ```discountedPrice``` is only accessible within the for-loop. Therefore, An attempt to access the ```discountedPrice``` variable in the ```console.log(discountedPrice);``` statement outside the block scope will cause an error.
7. The code at line 14 will successfully print the value assigned to variable ```finalPrice```. As a result, 150 will be printed by line 14 because the variable ```finalPrice``` is declared with ```let``` keyword at the function scope level, which is accessible throughout the entire function including the for-loop. In the last for-loop iteration, the last value assigned to ```finalPrice``` is rounded discounted price of the last item in the ```prices``` array. As a result, for the input [100,200.300] with a 0.5 discount, the last value assigned to ```finalPrice``` will be ```150```, which is the 50% of 300.
8. The ```discountPrices``` function will successfully return ```discounted``` array with value [50, 100, 150] successfully. This happens because it calculates ```50%``` of each original price in the input array [100,200,300], rounds each discounted prices to the nearest cent, and then adds these discounted prices to the output array. Therefore, the final discounted prices are stored in the array called ```discounted``` with value [50,100,150]. Also, the ```discounted``` array is declared with ```let``` keyword at the function scope level, which is accessible throughout the entire function including the for-loop. 
9. The code at line 11 will cause an error and says **ReferenceError: i is not defined**. This happens because the variable ```i``` is declared with keyword ```let``` within the for-loop in the block scope, which means ```i``` is only accessible within the for-loop. Therefore, An attempt to access the ```i``` variable in the ```console.log(i);``` statement outside the block scope will cause an error.
10. The code at line 12 will successfully print the value assigned to ```length``` varibale. As a result, ```3``` will be printed by line 12 because the varibale ```length``` is declared with ```const``` keyword at the function scope level and assigned the value as the number of elements inside the ```prices``` array. Thus, the variable ```length``` will hold value 3 because there are 3 elements in the ```prices``` array, [100,200,300].
11. The function ```discountPrices``` will return the ```discounted``` array with value [50,100,150] successfully. This happens because it calculates ```50%``` of each original price in the input array [100,200,300], rounds each discounted prices to the nearest cent, and then adds these discounted prices to the output array. Therefore, the final discounted prices are stored in the array called ```discounted``` with value [50,100,150]. Also, the ```discounted``` array is declared with ```const``` keyword at the function scope level, whcih ensure that the reference to the array won't change, although its content can and will change as new discounted prices are calculated and added.
12. 
    * A.  The notion for accessing the value of the name property in the student object: ```student.name;```
    * B.  The notion for accessing the value of the Grad Year property in the student object: ```student['Grad Year'];```
    * C.  The notion for calling the function for the greeting property in the student object: ```student.greeting();```
    * D.  The notion for accessing the name property of the object in the Favorite Teacher property in student: ```student['Favorite Teacher'].name;```
    * E.  The notion for accessing index zero in the array of the courseLoad property of the student object: ```student.courseLoad[0];```
13. Arithmetic
    * A. ```'3' + 2 = '32'``` because ```'3'``` is a string and it perform string concatenation when a string involved with ```"+"``` operator
    * B. ```'3' - 2 = 1``` because with the ```"-"``` operator, JavaScript convert ```'3'``` to integer ```3``` , which calculate ```3 - 2 = 1```.
    * C. ```3 + null = 3``` because ```null = 0```, therefore ```3 + 0 = 3```
    * D. ```'3' + null = '3null'``` because ```'3'``` is a string and with the ```"+"``` operator, ```null``` is converted to the string ```'null'```, thus, the string ```'3'``` is concatenated with string ```'null'``` resulting in ```'3null'```.    
    * E. ```true + 3 = 4``` because true maps to ```1```.
    * F. ```false + null = 0``` because both false and null map to ```0``` in arithmetic contexts.
    * G. ```'3' + undefined = '3undefined'``` because ```'3'``` is a string and with the ```"+"``` operator, ```undefined``` is converted to the string ```'undefined'```, thus, the string ```'3'``` is concatenated with string ```'undefined'``` resulting in ```'3undefined'```. 
    * H. ```'3' - undefined = NaN``` because when attempting to convert ```underfined``` to a number with ```-``` operator, the result is ```NaN```.
14. Comparison
    * A. ```'2' > 1``` will output ```true``` because the string ```'2'``` is converted to a number ```2``` before making the comparison, resulting ```2 > 1``` evaluates to ```true```. 
    * B. ```'2' < '12'``` will output ```false``` because in the string comparison, JavaScripts uses the lexicographical orderr to determine whether a string is greater than another. Since '2' is greater than '1' based on their lexicographical order, then ```'2' < '12'``` will evaluate to ```false```.
    * C. ```2 == '2'``` will output ```true``` beacuse ```==``` operator performs the equality test. Since the string ```'2'``` is converted to the number ```2```, then the comparison between ```2 == 2``` will evaluate to ```true```.
    * D. ```2 === '2'``` will output ```false``` because ```===``` checks the equality without type conversion and since one of them is a number and one them is a string, the comparison between those two will evaluate to ```false```.
    * E. ```true == 2``` will output ```false``` because JavaScript converts the boolean ```true``` to a number ```1``` before comparison. However, ```1``` is not equal to ```2```, therefore the comparison will evaluate to ```false```.
    * F. ```true === Boolean(2)``` will output ```true``` because ```Boolean(2)``` converts the number ```2``` to a boolean literal and since any non-zero number is considered ```true```, ```Boolean(2)``` returns ```true```. Therefore the comparison ended up to be ```true === true``` which evaluates to ```true```.
15. The difference between the ```==``` and ```===``` operators is that the ```==``` operator is the equality test that allow the type conversion if the operands are different types before making comparison. However, A strict equality operator ```===``` checks the equality without allowing type conversion before making comparison.
16. part2-question16.js
17. When ```modifyArray([1,2,3], doSomething)``` is called, the function ```modifyArray``` takes an array ```[1,2,3]``` as the parameter, and a callback function named ```doSomething```. In the function ```modifyArray```, it iterates over each element in the array ```[1,2,3]``` and apply the function ```doSomething``` that doubles each number and store the results in an array named ```newArr```. So, for each element in array ```[1,2,3]```, 1 will become 2, 2 will become 4, 3 will become 6. And then all of those new results will be stored the array ```newArr```. Therefore, the function ```modifyArray``` will return the array ```newArr``` that contains ```[2 ,4 6]```.
18. part2-question18.js
19. The output of the above code is
```
1
4
3
2
```

